Valid path to unit tests (#766)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/contribute/contribute-pull-requests/contribute_using_docker.md

### Launch the test suite

Your changes now sounds ok, and you're almost ready to share your changes with the community.

> Before all, you may ensure your changes don't break everything: this is why we have multiple test suites you can use. Want to read more about tests in PrestaShop? Head to [this](https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/testing/introduction/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before all, you may ensure your changes don't break everything: this is why we have multiple test suites you can use. Want to read more about tests in PrestaShop? Head to [this]({{< ref "1.7/testing/introduction.md" >}} page.
```

One last change 😉 to avoid hard-coded links. This allows you to run and use the devdocs in localhost
